what even is Fitness and am I fit well I
believe if you have strength speed
endurance and flexibility then you are
fit you could argue that balance is a
pillar as well but I feel like that's
something you develop as you go but
imagine having no endurance or strength
and just flexibility you'd be a floppy
out of breath noodle I currently have a
balance between these pillars that I am
really proud of and the reason I make
these videos is to show you that Fitness
doesn't have to be in all one pillar you
can work on one pillar more than the
others like for me I obviously like
flexibility more than I like endurance
all I know is I am fit enough to get my
wife and my kid out of a burning
building if I needed to I could be
better but we all start somewhere stay
flexy